feat: replace super-linter with custom linter list (#97)
SeisoLLC/goat: README.md

# Grand Opinionated AutoTester (GOAT)

The Grand Opinionated AutoTester (GOAT) automatically applies Seiso's standard testing.

> This project has been designed to be easier to understand and more opinionated than other open source projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project has been designed to be easier to understand and more opinionated than other open source multi-linter project.
```

Author: Done

Author: Done
